Hi, everyone, in this letter, we are going to complete the functionality of this application.
All right, so we want to track where exactly is the user typing so we can implement two formulas for
the other two inputs.
So what are going to do is I'm going to either target is going to give us exactly where the user is
clicking or where the user is inputting.
And then from there, we're going to grab the name.
OK, now, before doing this, let's go ahead and cancel it.
I'm going to I'm doing cancel logs a lot because I'm showing you whenever, for example, I just want
to say this and we are going to resume this application that whenever you want to create something on
your own and you and it is a dumb and interaction kind of thing.
So the thing that is going to the object that is going to help you like the most is going to be the
object.
So, for example, you want to do something when the user clicks, when the user double clicks, when
the user scrolls, when the user enters and input changes and input.
If these are the kind of events that you're working with or like the drag and drop API and the Web speech
API, we have talked about a lot of APIs like the HTML5 Canvas API.
All of them are APIs.
I've I have I may not have mentioned them like, like exclusively because the API term is is very,
very confusing to beginners.
That's why I, I just wanted to throw it out there, but I didn't expect you to understand it.
What APIs.
Because we are yet to cover APIs and asynchronous JavaScript.
Right.
But these are all APIs as well.
Now, the object that is going to help you a lot is going to be the event object.
Now, the event object is not one object.
The event object is is like directly associated with the kind of event that you're working with or the
kind of event that you're listening for.
So if you have an input event, the event object is going to give you different information.
If you have like, let's say click, you're going to have different information.
If you say double click, you're going to have different based on that.
If you have a scroll, then you're going to get different information.
Based on that, you can know what it is that you're actually looking for.
So what I'm going to do is we even though we have done this, I want to do it one more time.
So if I click here and if I do one, we can see this event is fire and it says input event.
OK, so this is an input event because we have specified it input and we can see that this event is
clearly different from the, for example, click event that we had in our previous application.
So if I were to, for example, like, let's say Grabau, each one, this is just just for demonstration
purposes.
I'm going to say each one document that query selector and I'm going to pass on the element.
Name each one.
So now I'm going to grab each one and I'm going to say add event listener and we are going to listen
for a click.
But the callback function is not going to do anything.
The callback function is just going to go ahead and log to the console, this event object, which is
associated with the click event.
So if I click on this.
Have we selected it correctly so this is a Twan document, that query selector.
So it is an H1, let's give it a class to be more specific title.
All right.
And let's say here title.
OK, so so this is a one, we have selected it and now I'm going to come to Stiles and I'm going to
say cursor pointer so we can see it in action.
So now when I click on it, we can see that this event is happening.
But this event is completely different than this one.
The input inside the input.
We have an input event, but this is a mouse event.
All right.
We have covered events.
We have talked about them, so see this mouse event, it gives us data is composing input type data
transfer.
But the mouse event, it gives a screen egg screen.
Why client X, client Y.
And if I come here, we can see that we have a lot more information for the click event rather than
the input of it.
So or every event has a different event object associated with that specific event.
And in here we can see it's this type of click and it's this type of input.
So for the input, we have no like coordinates like X and Y, whatever that is.
But in the kaleck we can see that we have client X client why we have the Movement X, movement Y,
we have offset X, offset Y page, page Y, which we are going to use in our following to applications
these four.
Right.
We have path and all that.
So this is something that I just wanted to show you that these, these they also exist.
Right.
And each event has a different event object based on that event.
So as many events as we have in Dume, those many different objects we can create and all these information
they are going to give us, like the means to do cool stuff with JavaScript.
So what you can do is like a basic, very basic thing that by now I'm sure you can do it is you can
just go ahead and say document that body, that style, that background color.
And you can change it to Rete, so whenever you click on this issue on the background, color of the
body is going to change to red.
So this is a very basic thing.
We have created so far 24 projects.
So in all of them, we have done some sort of dumb interaction.
And through these all these projects, and this is what I want you to do is what I expect you to do
is to do like to create to like grab all these segments of these projects and create something meaningful
for you.
All right.
So they're not that difficult, believe.
So you just have to think like JavaScript, think like e-mail and think when you develop that mentality,
then everything is going to be OK.
So now we have our event object and we are going to get the target.
And from there we are.
OK, this is Q Of course that runs so from the target, we are going to get the value.
So if I come down here we should see the value somewhere.
Where is the value?
O kay Dodds value, so the value, of course, the value, we don't see it here because the value comes
from the input itself.
OK, that's going to be the value that we have passed.
So if I come here on top, we have data one, we can grab the data, but we do have a value.
So the value is going to come from the this HTML page itself, because that is the thing that we have
inserted.
So we know.
OK, OK, not the value.
Sorry, we are looking for the name.
So if I just go ahead and reload this page and if I type in one, let's go ahead and let's look for
the target inside the target.
Let's look for name.
All right.
So erm and so name we can see it is Celsius.
So if I click here and if I type two and we go to this event into Target, we are going to get a Farenheit.
OK, where is name.
This is the name.
Now where is this coming from.
It is coming from from our e-mail where we have specified name Farenheit name like Fahrenheit Celsius
and Kelvin so.
Long story short, based on the name, we can find out which input it is that the user has is typing
in.
So we are going to do a series of statements.
We are going to say if input name.
Is equal to what Celsius, what do we want to do?
We want to grab the Fahrenheit and put Fahrenheit and put and from there the value and we want to set
the value to the following formula.
So what is the formula?
The formula is the input that the user has typed and or the temperature value that the user has entered.
And we are going to multiply it by one point eight plus thirty two.
So this is the Celsius to Fahrenheit conversion formula.
OK, so we have successfully converted Celsius to Fahrenheit.
What about Kelvin?
So whenever we want to type inside the Kelvin and but we are going to grab the Kelvin input and from
there we're going to grab the value and we're going to set the value to temperature value, which is
the value that the user has survived, and plus two to seventy three point one five.
So if I click here and if I type one cannot set property null of undefined at HTML 12.
So if we come here Fahrenheit in Fahrenheit and put that value should be temperature, value, whatever,
I think we should complete this, then it is going to work.
So let's go ahead and let's say al-Assaf.
And hmm, you know what, it should work and I don't know why it should work, so if input name equals
Celsius, did we grab it correctly?
So so I mean, just copy it from here and waste it right here.
All right.
So if the input name is Celsius, we want to grab the Fahrenheit and put that value and we want to set
it to temperature value times one point eight plus thirty two.
And I don't know why do we get that.
So if I type in one here, we are not going to get anything.
But if I type in one here, type error cannot set property value of null attached additional element.
So if I come here it says OK, so now this, this is a typo or it means that we have not specified anything
yet.
So let's go ahead and let's complete the rest of this.
So, Al Seth, the input name equals.
Farenheit, if it is Farenheit, what do we want to do?
We want to grab the Celsius, the Celsius input value.
Value, all right, and we want to set it to so the formula, if you want to change Fahrenheit to Celsius,
the formula is the whatever input that you have, minus 32.
And then we divide the entire thing by one point eight.
I'm sure these are like super easy for you.
And we also want to change Fahrenheit to Kalven.
So we are going to grab the value and from there we are going to set it to that.
So the value is going to be temperature value minus 32, divided by one point eight plus to seventy
three point one five.
Right, and finally, our final ounce of Closs statement is if the input name equals Kalven, oops,
what is that?
Jeld-Wen.
So if it is Kalvin, what do we want to do?
So when whenever we're typing typing inside the Kalvin, we want to change the Celsius and the Farenheit
so Celsius and put that value.
So now, now we want to change from Kalven to Celsius.
So we are going to grab the temperature value and we are going to subtract to seventy three point one
five and the Fahrenheit input value.
And we want to subtract, we want to say temperature now this is the formula, so temperature value
minus to seventy three point one five multiplied by one point eight plus thirty.
All right.
So let's go ahead and check out the Fahrenheit.
Correct.
We do have one Fahrenheit here.
Oops.
There is an edge missing.
So let's go ahead and save it.
And.
All right, so we have, for example, 50 degrees Celsius is going to be 120 to Fahrenheit and three
twenty three point one five Kelvin.
So I will be checking all the three inputs.
So I'm just going to go ahead and pass and 10.
We can see that it works for Fahrenheit and I'm going to pass in, for example, like 300, it works
for that as well.
Now, we do have this issue that we have a lot of decimal points.
I want to I want to take care of that as well before wrapping this video up.
And I think there is one other issue as well, that whenever any of the input feels, the input field
in which the user is typing is empty.
We don't want the other input fields.
We don't want them to calculate anything.
Now, what do you mean by this?
What I mean by this is whenever this input field is empty, this the formula is still going to run for
Fahrenheit on four Celsius.
That is not something that we want.
So we need to take care of that as well now before going further.
I do not like this representation.
So what what I am going to do is to follow best practices.
I want to comment about this so not no one is going to get confused and we know that what we what it
is that we are doing here.
So first off, we have Celsius to Fahrenheit.
What are I'm going to do is I want to create a variable and that is going to be Fahrenheit.
I'm going to call it farenheit value, right, and for the Farenheit value, what I would like to do
is I'm going to cut off that and I'm going to put it here.
And then the Farenheit input value is going to be equal to the Farenheit value.
And then we are going to call the two fixed method on it.
And we just want two decimal points.
Right.
And I'm going to provide a space there.
Let's save it so Celsius to Fahrenheit is done.
Next up now, as far as California is concerned, it is just point one five.
So we are not going to see that crazy amount of like.
Decimal points, so I'm not going to I'm not going to touch this.
What I would like to do here, I'm just going to copy that comment and I'm going to come in this one
in common, this one as well.
So this is going to be Celsius to Kelvin.
And in here what we have is so let's copy that.
Let's come here.
So in here we have Fahrenheit to Celsius.
So this is Fahrenheit to Celsius.
So I'm just going to cut that part and I'm going to say Fahrenheit.
Two Celsius, and for this, we we are going to have a crazy amount of decimal points.
So what I would like to do is I'm going to create another variable and I'm going to call it led Celsius
value is going to be equal to our temperature, basically to this formula that we have here.
Not there here.
And we are going to say that the Celsius input value is going to be called to this that we have provided
here.
And we are going to call the two fixed method on it.
And we want to fix the decimal points to only two.
I'm going to do the same thing to Fahrenheit, to Kelvin as well here.
So I'm just going to remove that space, provide one here and let's copy that comment, let's put it
here.
All right, so this is going to be Calvin.
All right, and we have Calvin Input's, I'm just going to cut this and I'm going to say let Calvin
value is going to be equal to this formula.
This is Calvin value.
And in case you're wondering that these about these naming collisions, for example, we have so here
we have a Farenheit value.
All right.
So you might we are going to use Farenheit value here as well.
But because we are using let the the light is going to grab these curly braces, this set of curly braces,
and it is going to convert it to a scope of itself.
So really, we are not going to have any naming collisions, for that matter.
So I'm going to say Calvin value to fixed and we are going to pass in to here.
So we have Celsius, Fahrenheit, Celsius to Kalven, Fahrenheit to Celsius, Fahrenheit to Kelvin.
Let me capitalize this one as well.
This F here as well.
And finally, what do we have?
We have Kalven to Celsius and Kelvin to Fahrenheit.
Now, as far as Kelvin to Celsius is concerned, I'm not going to touch it because we are not going
to have crazy amount of Kelvin.
You know what?
I am going to do that for this one as well.
So we are going to say that Celsius volume I was talking about this naming collision, it is not going
to make any problem because the scope is different.
And in here I'm going to say Celsius value to fixed.
All right.
And we're going to pass in to.
So right after that, let's so this is going to be Kalven to Celsius, not Celsius to Kelvin, so Kelvin
to Celsius and copy this comment and I'm going to put it right here and we are going to change it to
Fahrenheit.
Perfect.
And we do have a Fahrenheit value.
So I'm just going to grab this part from here and I'm going to put it right here.
And I'm going to copy this part all the way here.
And I'm going to put it here.
And we are going to say that the Fahrenheit value is going to be too fixed and we are going to pass
into.
So let's go ahead and let's save that and let's come here.
So if I pass in 10, everything works perfectly fine.
So that is working.
Let's passan for example, hundred and twenty.
We only have two decimal points.
Let's pass and 350 now you can see that we only have two decimal points for all of them.
Now to stay consistent, I'm going to be doing Celsius to Kelvin as well.
So let's grab the Kelvin part from here spudded here.
And I'm going to put this one right here and we are going to call the Kelvin value and you're going
to call the two fixed method on it and we are going to pass it.
So now that this problem is solved, there are no errors.
I'm just going to check it one more time.
So everything is working perfectly fine.
All right, so the last thing is whenever we clear the sand, but you can see that we have not a number.
So basically, before diving into our statements, into these statements, what I would like to do here
is we would like to do a series of statements.
So first off, if the target value, if this is equal to if this is if this is equal to an empty string.
Right.
It means that there is no value there.
What do we want to do here?
We want to grab the Celsius input dot value and we want to make it null.
All right.
And we are going to do the same thing for Fahrenheit.
So Fahrenheit is perfect and we are going to do the same thing for Kalven input.
So first off, we're going to grab all of them and we are going to make it now and then we want to return
from this function, from this statement.
So now if I go ahead and if I take, for example, hundred and twenty degrees Celsius and if I remove
everything, you can see that because this is empty, this is empty, it means that it is not right,
because the type that we type here is we have said pass.
And so this is going to give us this temperature value is no.
It means that the the value for that, which is a number, is actually not the reason that I have not
grabbed the temperature value, but I've grabbed the Iida target.
That value is we went over that.
How is the target?
That value is going to give us the strength we need to convert it to a number.
So basically, this is an empty string.
So if this equals an empty string, we want to grab all three of them and we want to make him null.
It means that we do not want them to go ahead and write anything this null in part.
This is going to take care of that.
Not a number that we see.
And basically, if they're empty, if it is empty, we want to return.
We don't want to do anything else in this in this department.
So I'm just going to go I'm just going to go ahead and say a 150.
And we see a three hour, two point oh, and for 23, so if I say for twenty three point one five hundred
and fifty eight point eight five.
So 150 for 23.
All right.
So if I do for twenty three point one five, it's almost 150 because we are basically fixing it, then
that's why it's not giving us that exact and fifty and it doesn't really matter that much.
The only thing that matters is that it is working.
So with this, our application comes to an end.
See you guys in the next one.